hello dear music so television
spectators now we're here the famous
Thunder booth at the namm show and Rick
Hines from offender use a amp will show
us the news and hottest things at fender
hi Rick so well tell me about the news
okay well actually we've got some new
amplifiers this year we started last
year with the Mustang one into which are
really great amps they've done very well
for us and we're expanding the line with
a three four and five they are higher
wattage they've got more features than
previous Mustangs and there are a lot of
fun so we've got the Mustang three which
is the first one right here it's 100
watts it's got a celestion speaker the
Mustang 4 is 2 12 it's in stereo 75
watts per side selection speakers and
then the Mustang 5 is 4 12 cabinet
closed back 150 watts stereo as well so
what we've added to them is the previous
had 24 presets the new one has a hundred
it has more effects or 37 different
effects in the amp there are 12
different amp models some which were
only available via few software in the
previous am these of use is what makes
it exciting to me it has an LCD screen
so you can actually access anything very
easily and very quickly the four and
five come with the 4 foot switch so you
have the ability to go to your favorite
presets turn on and off effects and
built-in tuner and the three comes with
a two foot switch you cannot actually
combine both foot switches together to
have more possibilities as far as going
up and down in the presets and effects
as well so they're great they sound
amazing for the price having an open
back cabinet and the bigger speakers
gives more volume so it's great for a
beginner and it's also great for a
musician that's playing live it shows it
is possible to hear absolutely i'll give
you a just a custom ole a couple of
different yeah please please
and
and kill another sound
great little rock for you this is where
it really shines is in some of these
dynamic sounds
I
you
very nice is the mustang for available
at the moment three is going to be
shipping very very soon four and five or
on their way there will be quickly
behind it so those will be available
very shortly thank you very much I hope
we will see much more details as soon as
possible on our internet site under www
music CD